Li Feng did as I expected,
Let Dong Yong hurt Hui’s strength,
He didn't know that his death might be even more ugly.
Let me get this guy's stuff.
The thing is in my hand, but I hear something.
Husband learned, you are taking advantage of the fire to strike, and it is really good to go to the sea.
Once this thing is handed over,
It means that I completely betrayed Suzuko.
Therefore, I must give myself a good match.
What do you want?
Talent and water come together at the same time
It was you and Zhang Wanlin who did it
Why do you ask this?
The secret shared by kings
What kind of secret can you call it?
I know the strength of you and Zhang Wanlin very well.
Just listen to you, is it possible?
Did nature not agree?
This transaction is being terminated
I don’t want to ask you to help me greet you. I’ll do it temporarily.
Currently living in the sea temporarily
As long as you help us move to Lin Feng
And what bird do you help you with?
In addition to our electric wind group
Encountered unknown acquisitions from overseas capital
Guam is in crisis
I hurry everyone again
Help us Electric Wind Group
Good luck to the ghost